Dharmadhatu wisdom and ignorance are transcendent in the dharmadhatu wisdom.
Dharmadhatu wisdom is pervasive, pervasive in all territories.
It is the best of all four wisdom, all four wisdom such as equanimity wisdom, discrimination
awareness wisdom, mirror-like wisdom, all the accomplished wisdom come from dharmadhatu
wisdom, is dharmadhatu wisdom. And then mirror-like wisdom, mirror-like wisdom means that wisdom,
dharmadhatu wisdom is, is like mirror, mirror, what mirror? Of course it's a metaphor too.
What mirror does? Mirror, reference, everything in the mirror, there's whatever is on the way,
or on that direction, mirror captures everything. And similarly, this wisdom, dharmadhatu wisdom,
this wisdom captures everything, everything in the, on the surface of, ever used the surface of,
it's not in the surface, but it reflect to dharmadhatu, all that as a mirror, use the example of a
mirror, so it reflects everything. So that is mirror-like wisdom if used. And then the equanimity
wisdom means what? Equanimity is equal, everything is equal, equal. That's I think the
equanimity in a niche more. And the debate is called the nyam-i, nyapani. That means even though
in that mirror there's so many things that reflect it, reflect it, so many things that reflect it,
in that mirror level there's no discriminations, it's all equal, it's just all equal, equal.
There's nothing based on that kind of, high and low, based on good and bad, anything,
it's just all reflected is equal, equal. So that is really meaning of the equanimity wisdom.
And the next one is a discrimination awareness wisdom. Right? Discrimination awareness wisdom.
That means now in the mirror shine all those things, all those things in reflect in the mirror,
and also it show everything is in equal status. Everything looks like, kind of like, it's good,
jumbo mumbo. Jumbo mumbo, everything is, that kind of, it's all there. But this discrimination
awareness is not going to make the jumbo mumbo. It's going to see everything so precisely, clearly,
exactly as it is. If it's white, it's white, it's big, it's big, it's small, it's small,
just detailed, thorough, precise, everything clearly seeing that it is. And that aspect of the
wisdom that is known as all discrimination awareness wisdom. And now the fifth one
is all accomplished wisdom. All accomplished wisdom because of understanding of everything
so precise and so clean and so beautiful as it is. Therefore, then all, whatever things need to do,
will accomplish it. Because not so precise and so clean, there is no room for ignorance, or there
is
no ignorance at all. In this world, we have many times sometimes performed, sometimes not performed
,
successful, not self. Why? Because of the ignorance. And we don't have the ignorance, we will do
the
perfectly, perfectly beautiful, we think should need to do to, to fulfill that. But because we don
't,
every most activity of ours are in presumptions. You know, that's what's called hopeless. Hopeless
ness.
But here, no need to hop on it. And clearly, understand precisely,
exactly as it is, is, and they are accomplishing. Because of that wisdom, they are accomplishing
all the activities. Okay, so that's the video.